remove requirement to provide VCD user name and password (#53)
lsst-dm/docsteady: docs/developer.rst

These credentials are available at ``1password.com``, in the LSST-IT architecture vault, but not yet integrated into docsteady.
In order to use these credentials, they have to be configured using environment variables, added as options from the command line, or entered when prompted, as specified in this technical note.

> For the VCD there is the option of running direct agaisn tthe DB in the 1password look for `Jira DataBase RO credentials`,
> the DB IP number is also in that enry.
> 
> For the githubaction these should be added as secrets in the organisation. This has been done for PSE and DM. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the VCD, there is the option of running directly against the Jira database.
In the 1password vault, the credentials and database IP address are under `Jira DataBase RO Credentials`.

For the GitHub Action, the REST API credentials have been added as secrets in the GitHub organization for PSE and DM reports.
```
